[Doc] Replace fields of xxx by xxx field (#1599)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/gui.rst

.. function:: ti.imwrite(img, filename)

>     :parameter img: (ti.Matrix.field or Expr) the image you want to export

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter img: (ti.Vector.field or ti.field) the image you want to export
```

Author: Curious: does `ti.imwrite` doesn't work for `ti.Matrix` anymore?

Reviewer: It only works with `Matrix` with only one row, i.e., `Vector`.

.. function:: ti.imshow(img, windname)

>     :parameter img: (ti.Matrix.field or Expr) the image to show in the GUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter img: (ti.Vector.field or ti.field) the image to show in the GUI
```
